README.md, before:

# sz-sdk-python

If you are beginning your journey with
[Senzing](https://senzing.com/),
please start with
[Senzing Quick Start guides](https://docs.senzing.com/quickstart/).

You are in the
[Senzing Garage](https://github.com/senzing-garage)
where projects are "tinkered" on.
Although this GitHub repository may help you understand an approach to using Senzing,
it's not considered to be "production ready" and is not considered to be part of the Senzing product.
Heck, it may not even be appropriate for your application of Senzing!

## :warning: WARNING: sz-sdk-python is still in development :warning: _

At the moment, this is "work-in-progress" with Semantic Versions of `0.n.x`.
Although it can be reviewed and commented on,
the recommendation is not to use it yet.

## Synopsis

The Senzing sz-sdk-python packages provide a
[Python](https://www.python.org/)
language Software Development Kit that wraps the
Senzing C SDK APIs.

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache2-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/senzing-garage/sz-sdk-python/blob/main/LICENSE)

## Overview

The Senzing `sz-sdk-python` packages enable Python programs to call Senzing library functions.
Under the covers, Python makes calls to the functions in the Senzing C libraries.

## Use

(TODO:)

## References

1. [Development](docs/development.md)
1. [Errors](docs/errors.md)
1. [Examples](docs/examples.md)

Commit message:

#59 add coverage badge, run prettier

README.md, after:

# sz-sdk-python

If you are beginning your journey with [Senzing],
please start with [Senzing Quick Start guides].

You are in the [Senzing Garage]
where projects are "tinkered" on.
Although this GitHub repository may help you understand an approach to using Senzing,
it's not considered to be "production ready" and is not considered to be part of the Senzing product.
Heck, it may not even be appropriate for your application of Senzing!

## :warning: WARNING: sz-sdk-python is still in development :warning: \_

At the moment, this is "work-in-progress" with Semantic Versions of `0.n.x`.
Although it can be reviewed and commented on,
the recommendation is not to use it yet.

## Synopsis

The Senzing sz-sdk-python packages provide a
[Python]
language Software Development Kit that wraps the
Senzing C SDK APIs.

[![License]](https://github.com/senzing-garage/sz-sdk-python/blob/main/LICENSE)  
[![Coverage badge]](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/senzing-garage/sz-sdk-python/blob/python-coverage-comment-action-data/htmlcov/index.html)

## Overview

The Senzing `sz-sdk-python` packages enable Python programs to call Senzing library functions.
Under the covers, Python makes calls to the functions in the Senzing C libraries.

## Use

(TODO:)

## References

1. [Development]
1. [Errors]
1. [Examples]

[Coverage badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?color=brightgreen&label=coverage&query=%24.message&url=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fsenzing-garage%2Fsz-sdk-python%2Fpython-coverage-comment-action-data%2Fendpoint.json
[Development]: docs/development.md
[Errors]: docs/errors.md
[Examples]: docs/examples.md
[License]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache2-brightgreen.svg
[Python]: https://www.python.org/
[Senzing]: https://senzing.com/
[Senzing Garage]: https://github.com/senzing-garage
[Senzing Quick Start guides]: https://docs.senzing.com/quickstart/
